Sirvain, it is convenient to
have a mix of channels or tools
that contribute to our
traffic generation goals.
The more diversified it is better,
by pure common sense, as you told
us, then what I would like is
that we analyzed SEM and put it a
little in context or that we highlighted
the pros and accounts or the benefits
and disadvantages of SEM
in general with respect to
the rest of channels.
Well, the first very positive point
is that we are responding to a
very specific search, so when a
traffic is generated from the search,
this traffic has a lot of charity
and conversion ratios are
usually quite high, of
the highest there are.
That is the first point.
This is from, if we think it is
common sense because when I click
on an ad that has seemed to me
doing a search is what is called
very qualified, it is
the click because I am looking
for something related to what
that company offers.
It is exactly this.
This charity is valued.
I have to respond correctly to
this search.
This is the first fundamental point.
The problem, to contrast a little
this, is that I don't generate
demand, that is, that I depend on
external factors, since I'm not
able to motivate people to look
for more.
It depends on many other factors.
If you have a product or service
that people don't want, it
makes no sense.
Of course, I am thinking, for example,
about very innovative companies
that are generating new solutions,
that are generating new demand,
that no one is looking for
concepts that they do not know
exist.
Actually, that is exactly the problem.
That is a limitation.
At the end of the day, searches
are still very large and there is
much to do, but clearly it is
one of the limits.
Points very in favor too.
There is no minimum investment.
I can't give you so many clicks
for my two euros.
There are companies that
invent a lot more money, but that'
s a business model issue.
It is easy and fast, quite
quickly.
I can start a campaign, measure
the first results and then
start optimization.
I would say that it is probably the easiest.
Because if we think, for example,
let's think of Facebook Ads, we
put a lot of the example.
Facebook Ads is easy, but
you need creativity.
actually is.
It is easy to do it, but you
need it.
In ten minutes I won't have them.
actually is.
It is very easy,
but it can also be very sophisticated.
That is, to start running,
yes, it is very easy, but then
there is a world of methodologies
and ways to make the best
use of the Google AdWords and
Bing Ads platform, which are worth
knowing too.
It is very easy to do it.
Doing it right is very difficult, but well,
that's already understood.
As always.